Fix/eurooffice community docs (#997)
opencloud-eu/docs: docs/admin/configuration/euro-office.md

---
sidebar_position: 95
id: euro-office
title: Euro Office
description: Community supported Euro Office setup for OpenCloud.
draft: false
---

# Euro Office

:::note Community Documentation
This guide is provided as community documentation.

EuroOffice is not officially supported by OpenCloud. The configuration shown here is maintained as a community contribution and is not covered by official OpenCloud support.

Use this guide as a reference for community-based setups. For officially supported office integrations, use the officially documented OpenCloud options.
:::

> [Euro Office](https://github.com/EURO-office/DocumentServer) is a sovereign document editing suite based on ONLYOFFICE that integrates with OpenCloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Euro Office](https://github.com/EURO-office/DocumentServer) is a sovereign document editing suite maintained by several european organisations as a joint effort. It integrates with OpenCloud via WOPI and the app provider mechanism.
```
